Who's there?
Wh-Who's there?
-=Ghost-Seeing Detective:
Cheo Yong 2=-
-=Episode 6: "Memories"=-
What the heck?
My hand should have worked
that time.
What? Why?
I don't even care if you don't
want to talk to me!
It's boring to have no one to
play with you, isn't it?
Not a bit of human compassion,
just his damn pride.
I told you not to speak to me but
that doesn't mean ignore me!
You just don't understand women.
If you want to be like this,
ghosts can find new humans too!
This, this has to be made up.
Made up, right?
Some nonsense about being
possessed.
What? Possessed?
It's some story about a high school
student ghost, but it's not real.
If this supposed to be possession,
then sometimes even you act a
bit weird...
Well...
I'm sorry. I didn't mean that.
Yes, Department Chief.
What?
Is that true?
I understand.
Yes.
Is it... a big case?
Did one of you make a mistake?
Why?
Do they want to disband our team?
The Department Chief wants to
meet with us.
He said he'll treat us to spicy
grilled chicken. [dakgalbi]
Hurry and try some.
It's very tender.
It's nice going out to eat
during work time.
But all of us eating a free meal
is a bit...
Don't feel embarrassed.
The owner of this place owes me
a lot of favors.
Waiter! Two more sets of
dakgalbi here!
Okay.
Okay! Then let's dig in.
This place is in trouble today.
Our Detective Jeong, once she
starts eating, she can really
pack it away.
Hey. Go buy some digestive
medicine.
Digestive medicine?
Yes.
Stop talking so much and just
eat something.
It's really good. Try some.
I'm eating. I'll talk to you later.
We have a case.
It's not that church kind of place,
is it?
Why? You don't want to?
You have no place to sleep.
Do you want to stay a few days,
then go crawling back?
Excuse me. Is there a problem?
Hold on.
It's Tae Gyeong oppa!
What?
Police.
If you want to, then call me.
You're a student.
What's going on here?
Yang Hyeon Mu.
Be sure to find him.
-=2015 Tchaikovsky Competition
Winner - Welcome Han Ji Su!=-
Okay, let's begin.
Our school's best pianist,
winner of the national competition
in middle school, Song Da Jeong!
Hey. Haven't you all seen
that movie?
If the audience is enthusiastic,
they can play better.
Again! Applause!
Okay, next is a rising star.
The amazing musical prodigy,
Yang Hye Mi!
Okay, now it's your turn.
No way.
Would you dare to play here if
you were me?
Isn't that right, Ji Su?
Didn't we practice one before?
The Hye Mi movie music mix.
Okay.
Hey. You all heard it, right?
Ji Su played it wrong.
Sorry.
This hand can't keep up.
That's why I don't practice much.
No, you played very well.
I just rearranged it.
Actually, it was me who played
it wrong.
Hey, what are you all doing here?
Didn't I tell you to go to the
auditorium? Get going!
Hurry up!
It's been a long time, Da Jeong.
You've been well?
Han Ji Su. Song Da Jeong.
Girl, you really seem like
a teacher.
You've turned out pretty cool,
Han Ji Su.
The foreign water must suit you.
Since we graduated,
has it been 7 years?
- I'm depending on you.
- Is he a new transfer student?
Why does she look like she's
about to be executed?
It's really pathetic.
Yes, Team leader.
The student is back in school,
so I'm coming back.
Jealous?
If I had such a caring teacher
like him, I would have studied
more.
When are you going back to
Germany?
Tomorrow.
This time, you don't plan to
come back?
Until I get well established,
I can't come back.
I really can't stand it.
It's not like she's a celebrity.
Really?
You're so pretty.
I have to make a call.
Okay.
Ji Su, this is for you.
The school must have prepared
a gift for you.
After the students finish playing,
it's your turn, so get ready.
I knew he was above average.
He even likes this high-class stuff.
This isn't too bad.
What in the world is she doing?
What's wrong?
Don't you remember?
Every time we practiced, this is
what Hye Mi played.
Every note is exactly the same.
What was that?
This student was probably too
nervous in front of our guests.
Next I'd like to introduce the
2015 Tchaikovsky Competition
winner, pianist Han Ji Su!
Ji Su!
Ji Su, are you all right?
- What happened?
- What's wrong?
What to do? For a pianist,
their hands are their lifeblood.
Hey! Hey!
Where did she go?
How would I know who did it?
There must be someone besides
us who knows Ji Su.
Or maybe Hye Mi really did it.
What are you talking about?
Today is September 18th,
Hye Mi's death anniversary.
Hye Mi?
Are they talking about that girl
just now?
I actually thought you did it.
Thinking about it, Ji Su also
stole your position.
What are you talking about?
To be honest,
you're much better than she is.
But after Hye Mi died, she entered
competitions in her memory and
got this reputation.
Isn't that right?
Stop talking about it.
Stop talking?
When have we ever really
talked about this before?
Don't tell me you still think I
killed Hye Mi?
Hey, Yu Ga Yeong!
We really shouldn't meet again.
Since we only suspect each other,
let's keep avoiding each other!
Don't you know it's all of you
suspecting and avoiding, not me?
Things seem really tense.
What in the world happened here?
Are you warmed up?
Yes.
Here.
It's fine.
You're not wearing one, so we
should be fair.
The sound of his girlfriend's
heartbeat!
Stop! Stop!
Be careful not to hurt his
handsome face!
Are you all right?
I should have listened to you.
It's Drunken Master from now on.
So what?
What do you mean, so what?
That spirit is floating around the
school for some reason!
Investigate it with me.
That kid, why hasn't he come
out yet?
It's hot in here.
I must be bothering you.
Fine.
I don't need your permission to
do my own investigation!
"You"?
[her informal reference to him]
You brat...
She's going to cause trouble
again.
She's been studying this all day.
What case is it this time?
-=Food eaten after possession=-
Following this logic, it must be
the same spirit.
Spirit?
Probably young...
But really likes to eat.
What? She means me!
Larger size?
Old-fashioned?
What crappy investigation is this?
-="Detective Conan"=-
It's unpredictable.
One thing for sure, it knows
the team members here well,
and is very familiar with police
procedures.
Could it be...
It looks like I don't have much
time to borrow her body today.
Well, too bad.
I'm going in.
Hello!
You took a long shower.
You smell pretty good.
Let's go back to that school.
Why do you want to go back?
Someone reported that what
happened yesterday was related
to a death 7 years ago.
Report? What report?
Jong Hyeon seonbae, good timing!
Again. Again.
Come.
Without Detective Yun we can
still do well, be enthusiastic!
Truthfully, that detective
crime-solving instinct...
you have it much stronger.
Right?
Of course, of course.
Here. Drink some coffee.
Fighting.
As usual, you're very perceptive.
Also,
you've already been involved at
that school.
The way you did damage control
there was very smooth.
Listening to you, it really was
like that...
We'll discuss the details
on the way.
Let's get going.
We don't have much time left,
huh?
What are you doing?
Hurry up and go.
Okay.
- We're leaving.
- We'll be back soon!
Hey!
Where are you kids going already
this morning?
Team Leader Han Na Yeong.
Watch out criminals.
Who did you find?
Huh? Oh, nothing.
What about Han Ji Su?
They said in the lounge, she got
some flowers from an anonymous
person, and then she got hurt.
Fortunately, it wasn't serious
and could be treated.
A flower?
It's very rare, an exotic species
of flower.
They're extremely toxic and if
the flowers touch the skin, it will
cause burns.
There are flowers like that?
Good work.
What?
Nothing.
I'll go check the CCTV of the
auditorium.
Is that true?
You guys don't remember?
The same thing happened at
this time last year.
I also heard one of the alumni
students say
that a very talented girl committed
suicide 7 years ago and hasn't
left the school yet.
On the anniversary of her death,
she possesses someone's body.
Hey, that's bad luck.
Stop.
Then that happened to Han Ji Su
yesterday, too.
Did you see her hands?
It's too horrible to think about.
All of you girls! Why are you
chatting instead of listening to
the lesson?
You know the competition is
coming up, right?
You're still noisy?
This is the report related to that.
Good. Thank you.
There was nothing special you
remember?
Back then, her family kept
saying,
she had no reason to commit
suicide.
So we talked to her friends and
did an extensive investigation.
At that time,
there were some rumors that she
was dating an older man, had
gotten pregnant, etc.
When we checked later,
we found the deceased went
frequently to a hospital with an
OB/GYN department,
so there were rumors like that.
Also at that time, relationships
with her friends had deteriorated.
These days they call it
being crowded out.
Did Hye Mi send a text message
to her friends before she died?
Did she talk to anyone
on the roof?
She did send 3 of them a text
message,
but none of them went.
One hour after that, she jumped
off and died.
Then...
there weren't any witnesses?
One student said,
they saw one of her friends on
the stairs to the rooftop, so we
investigated.
Why did they call her out?
Is she the killer?
Oh, seriously.
How could that be?
She said after she got the text,
she went out. But halfway there,
she changed her mind.
Who was that student we
investigated?
Why are you asking about
Hye Mi?
How pitiful she must be.
She must feel very wronged
to never have left the school.
What I meant was, if there has
been an injustice, we must
thoroughly investigate.
That's why I'm asking.
I'm sorry.
Just thinking about that still
gives me nightmares.
Back then, I was compiling exam
questions, so I left work late.
I still can't believe...
that Hye Mi would commit suicide.
But what motivated Hye Mi
to kill herself?
One week before, there was a
very important concert.
Hye Mi was chosen to participate
in the national competition.
It was the last time she ever
played.
I'm not sure if she wasn't well,
or if the pressure was too much,
but unlike her, she just kept
making mistakes.
There were great expectations
surrounding her.
Such a terrible performance
like that must have devastated
her.
After Hye Mi died, Han Ji Su
became school president, right?
Yes, that's right.
Ji Su also replaced Hye Mi
in the competition.
She eventually won first place.
I heard that among her friends,
one was suspected. Then...
Who was that student we
investigated?
It must be written in there.
Oh, yes.
Song Da Jeong.
Someone said they saw Da Jeong
on the stairs to the rooftop,
so she was investigated.
Da Jeong? Song Da Jeong.
Da Jeong was also running for
school president at that time,
so there was suspicion about that.
Number 2 was jealous of
Number 1's ability.
Like Mozart and Sal...
Sal...
Salieri!
There were a lot of strong
suspects, weren't there?
I think Da Jeong was also
a victim.
After police investigated her,
people were pointing at her.
So during that important time,
she was having mood swings.
Eventually Ji Su participated in
the competition final.
Teacher Song Da Jeong?
Yes?
Those were good times.
I also had times like that once.
Thank you.
It smells good.
I'm not sure where to begin.
That time,
you were investigated by the
police.
Yes.
But like I said before, I never
saw Hye Mi that day.
But why did someone say they
saw you on the stairs to the roof?
I also wonder who said that,
and why they did.
I think the mutual suspicion
just caused a mess.
So...
what was going on between
your friends?
You didn't make this!
I'll wipe this on you!
What are you doing?
The four of us were very close,
but Ji Su and Hye Mi were
especially close.
Back then, Ji Su was very shy
and had no self-confidence.
This one's pretty.
So Hye Mi always watched out
for Ji Su.
How about this one?
Should we each get one?
Are you buying?
Pick one out for Hye Mi.
Okay.
Ga Yeong was pretty and had a
good family,
so she attracted attention
everywhere she went, but...
Auntie.
Hello.
Drink this while you work.
That's Hye Mi over there.
Hye Mi!
What are you all doing here?
These are my friends.
I have to go now.
I forgot there's something I have
to do at home.
Hey, Yu Ga Yeong!
Where are you going?
Nobody knew.
Ga Yeong's family had gone
bankrupt and were up to their
butts in debt.
We also found out later,
Ga Yeong's mother worked as a
cleaner with Hye Mi at a
convenience store.
I heard her family went bankrupt.
What is she showing off when her
mother is just a janitor?
She's not even that pretty.
She works at a convenience store...
Actually, I do too.
Maybe Ga Yeong thought Hye Mi
was talking about her.
When Hye Mi was selected for
the competition, the day before
it, Ga Yeong said,
I think Hye Mi has been taking
medicine lately.
She's not sick is she?
She said it's for allergies.
Is that medicine?
Really?
I knew this guy who had
hay fever.
We decided to go to the park
together.
But he forgot to bring his medicine
and got red all over and was
itching everywhere.
It was so gross to look at him.
It was funny.
But,
if Hye Mi didn't take her medicine,
would that also happen to her?
It's really cold today, so I should
get going.
None of us ever said it,
but we all knew.
Someone actually switched her
medicine bottle.
Don't tell me...
Yu Ga Yeong?
Did you want to see me?
Are you Director Yu Ga Yeong?
Yes. What do you need?
By offering Art Dream Tree
scholarship programs,
you're doing meaningful work.
While I was waiting for you just
now, I was looking around.
Actually, I came here because
I wanted to be a famous pianist.
My family circumstances changed,
so I gave up that dream.
That's my excuse.
That should be enough, right?
-=Yu Ga Yeong=-
It seems someone like you could
be the next Han Ji Su.
Ji Su requested an investigation,
right?
It's not only about that.
We're reinvestigating the
death of Yang Hye Mi.
Back then, you told police you
saw Song Da Jeong on the stairs
to the rooftop.
For that reason, she was
investigated by the police.
And so?
We heard you two were close
friends, but I guess not that close.
Da Jeong has a lot of pride,
so she's not very open.
She wanted to be the best.
The student who will participate
in the competition is...
Congratulations... Yang Hye Mi.
Okay, let's start class.
Let's go back to where we left off.
It's okay.
You played well.
I didn't say anything at that time,
but I think someone must have
switched her medicine.
I have something to tell all of you.
I'll wait for you on the rooftop
after practice.
I have to go to the academy.
You go listen to what she has
to say.
Okay.
After Hye Mi died, about
one month later,
I asked Da Jeong once,
You switched her medicine,
didn't you?
You were afraid that thing would
be exposed, so you hurt Hye Mi?
You thought Hye Mi told everyone
your family went bankrupt, so you
hated her.
You even said that you hoped
Hye Mi would disappear!
Don't think that you can put
this all on me.
She got angry with me instead.
At that time, I didn't know...
that I had misunderstood.
That bracelet. All four of us had
exactly the same one.
Da Jeong was wearing her
bracelet.
Hye Mi was also wearing hers.
Yang Hyeon Mu.
Be sure to find him.
I feel full just looking at this photo.
I'm hungry.
You want something?
I'm getting takeout.
Do you happen to know anything
about the Department Chief?
I heard that when he was at
headquarters, he was rising very
quickly.
Things were going great and he
was expected to be appointed to
Department Chief.
He was nothing like he is now.
But in the end, everything just
collapsed.
You know about the An Jae Min
case, right?
The Golden Chopsticks serial
murder suspect.
He was released because of
insufficient evidence.
In order to investigate the case,
he offended some higher-ups,
and hit rock bottom overnight.
But,
why are you suddenly asking
about the Department Chief?
Oh, it's just, well...
But,
where did all the kids go?
Earlier, Detective Jeong said
something and then dragged
them out.
I don't need your permission to
do my own investigation!
That high school student, seriously.
Where are you going?
I was going to order takeout.
Why is there so much traffic?
I don't have time for this.
Could Han Ji Su really be the
murderer like Jong Hyeon
seonbae said?
She's going abroad tomorrow.
I don't think we have time.
-=Yun Cheo Yong seonbae=-
The Crazy Ghost.
Why does he always call?
Did he see?
He---
I was just investigating a suspect.
Hey, high school student.
Hurry and get back here.
High school student?
What high school student?
Fine, then you can come and
get me! Bye!
Hey, high school student!
Ah, really.
Who was that?
Some jerkface guy.
We don't have much time.
Speed up.
Yes. Luckily, there were no
problems with the nerves or
muscles,
so the operation should go
smoothly.
Yes. We will do our best to
proceed on a timely schedule.
What are you doing?
It's too stuffy. I'm going
shopping.
You can't yet.
Where are you going with
your hand like that?
Reporters have already caught
the scent and are calling.
You're worried about that at a
time like this?
Shall I tell you what the real
situation is?
If the other party seeks
compensation again,
all the aid and competition prize
money you've received, all of it...
That would be even better.
Through all this, everyone
might rediscover me.
The doctor told her to keep
absolutely quiet.
Yes, well, absolute quiet is very
important.
But,
I need to ask her a few questions,
just for a moment.
I don't want to make a big deal
out of this case.
Please leave.
That, I understand what
you mean.
Who are you?
How is your hand now?
Come on, you can tell me.
I want to rest.
Yesterday, I already talked to
the other detective.
I'm here about another case.
Hye Mi was your best friend,
right?
I heard someone was on the
rooftop before Hye Mi died.
So what, you don't have
anything to say?
Who said that?
What are you doing?
Leave right now!
Detective Jeong.
I'm short on time, too.
One more minute.
Why don't you just talk to me, huh?
Now!
Leave. Otherwise, I'm calling
the police.
Geez, you're so grumpy!
I'm leaving already!
Just calm down!
I'm sorry.
I heard someone was on the
rooftop before Hye Mi died.
So what, you don't have
anything to say?
We're back.
Hey. What are you guys doing
out wandering around?
Have you eaten?
No.
Like searching for some damn
golden toad, we had to rush
everywhere.
Tae Gyeong, we need to eat.
Yes.
First, tell the Team Leader
about our case, okay?
What are you all waiting for?
Whoever was on the rooftop with
that student when she died is the
key to this.
We can't tell which one of these
here knows the truth.
From the old crime scene, was
there any more evidence?
I heard there was something like
torn sheet music in her hand.
Sheet music?
Yes.
The rest of it was never found
in the area.
Maybe the wind blew it away.
Anyway, go ask the National
Forensic Lab to look over the old
evidence again.
But, with Han Ji Su...
who did that?
Anyway, back then, Yang Hye Mi
used to take allergy medicine.
Someone switched the bottle
to ruin her performance.
It became an important reason
for her death.
When they got together 7 years
later, one of them sent Han Ji Su
some poisonous flowers.
That's how her hands were injured.
What about it?
Isn't it consistent?
Could it have been done by
someone who believes Han Ji Su
killed Yang Hye Mi?
In other words, someone who
knows the truth about the past.
But, it's a little unreasonable.
Song Da Jeong is jealous.
Yu Ga Yeong misunderstood.
Even if there was a motive to
kill Yang Hye Mi,
Han Ji Su had no real reason.
Detective Jeong, don't you think...
That's right. Even in that case...
What? When did I pop out?
Detective Jeong!
Detective Jeong, how can you
fall asleep?
Aigoo, really.
Now that we talked about this,
let's eat our food.
Detective Jeong and I will go to
the forensic lab.
We'll be back.
Seonbaenim, I need to talk to you.
Please tell me the truth.
The spirit that keeps possessing
me, you know who it is, don't you?
Go ahead. Tell her.
No, don't tell her! She might
not let me in next time!
Oh, I don't know.
Do whatever you want.
Here.
Except for two times, the possessions
were during an investigation.
After that, we find important
clues and solve the case.
Could someone related to
the police, I mean...
be the spirit?
Please tell me.
I'll really be fine.
Are you going to stay here
like this?
Why? Just talk in front of me!
Okay.
She's the spirit of a high school
student.
She appeared when I was in
the Wide Area Search Team.
Wide Area Search Team?
So she knows all of the team
members.
To say this about a spirit is a
little odd,
but she's kind and very
passionate.
Sometimes she overestimates
her abilities and causes trouble.
I'll tell her to be more careful in
the future, so don't worry.
To have a guardian angel around
me seems very practical.
Thank you.
I appreciate your honesty.
Let's keep this a secret from
the team members.
Did you tell her?
What did she say?
What now?
She won't let me possess her?
What are you so curious about?
I need to know what she said!
The thought of anyone besides
you knowing about me makes me
nervous. It's so weird.
I wanted to hide.
Did you tell her what I look like?
You said I was pretty, right?
Didn't she want to see my
photo or anything?
Is this a blind date?
I said you were an ugly, bad-
tempered high school student,
so she didn't care.
Satisfied?
Seriously!
That's not what you really said,
right?
I'm really going to find out!
I've been at the National Forensic
Lab for over 15 years,
but this is the first time I've had
just a photo and no body.
How does it look to you?
It's very hard to be sure just
from a photo.
But the body does look a bit
like that.
Really?
Just as the hospital records
show the cause of death,
there was indeed a serious head
injury.
But right here, you can see an
injury to the ankle, right?
It could be a scratch made by
branches as she was falling,
but it goes upward from the ankle.
In other words, it's very likely
she didn't land head-first.
So, there may have been a
serious ankle fracture.
We have to look at this next one.
I don't...
Aigoo. It looks like you must
have talked to your daughter on
the phone.
What? Did she charm you into
sending her money again?
Daddy, I love you.
Send me some money - in dollars.
Jerk.
Did you find something?
We haven't found anything
obvious.
That woman, that woman.
It's Yu Ga Yeong. Zoom in.
Why? Do you see something?
It's very difficult for an ordinary
person to purchase poisonous
plants, so how did she get it?
I checked and Hwayeon Financial
Group sponsors an environmental
protection research institute.
I have a feeling.
Wait a second. Stop!
The building windows.
That... isn't Yu Ga Yeong walking
past.
What do you mean, Kid?
That looks just like her.
Yes, yes. It looks just like her.
That woman has 2 arms, 2 legs
and one head.
It really seems like I've seen
her somewhere before.
Tae Gyeong.
Look there in that car window.
Here...
What was that?
It's Han Ji Su.
What? What? What is this?
Hye Mi.
Han Ji Su.
Clearly Yang Hye Mi was with
someone up on the rooftop. That person is our most likely
suspect.
That's something that will be
difficult to prove.
No one is willing to tell the truth.
In any case, I think we should
talk to her friends again.
They said Han Ji Su is going
abroad tomorrow.
Yes, Detective Han.
They said Han Ji Su is going
abroad tomorrow.
Yes, Detective Han.
Where?
Okay.
This Hye Mi, where the heck
is she hiding?
I need to see her so I can
figure out some things.
Why are you bothering a busy
person?
What is it you want to say?
You told the police you saw me
on the rooftop, right?
That's why you called me here?
You thought I killed Hye Mi?
Why?
Hye Mi's competition music, didn't
you always practice it together?
You thought if Hye Mi wasn't
around, you'd be able to compete.
So it was you who switched her
medicine wasn't it?
Your plan worked out perfectly.
After that incident, instead of a
duck in Hye Mi's shadow, you
became a swan.
Believe whatever you want.
You were always like that.
You don't care what anyone
thinks, you go your own way.
Let me ask you one thing.
After I came down, you really
didn't go up to the rooftop, right?
What?
Why?
Did you get worried after
thinking about it?
Afraid you left behind some
evidence?
I told you, believe whatever
you want.
Don't worry. There wasn't
anything.
Because I hate troublesome
things the most.
That's enough, right?
Do you have anything else
to say?
That's right. I did that.
I just thought I was wasting
myself.
I thought school was the best
stage.
After winning the competition on
behalf of Hye Mi, I didn't want to
give it all up, so I kept struggling.
Since then and until now,
my heart hasn't been easy.
If I don't take medicine, I can't
even sleep at night.
I just wanted to let go of
everything no matter what.
But I didn't have the courage.
After graduation, I never came
back to this school.
When I was contacted about
this event at the school,
I saw the date was Sept. 18,
Hye Mi's death anniversary.
That's when I decided.
Just like back then, I would
suffer the same as Hye Mi did.
What exactly happened 7
years ago?
Hye Mi was selected as school
president.
I accidentally overheard Hye Mi
and the teacher talking in the
music classroom.
What do you mean you're not
participating?
Actually, something happened
in my family.
What in the world is this?
Tell me.
Is there some other reason
for this?
No, it's absolutely not like that.
We've already announced the
music, so it will be difficult to
change.
That song, I practice it every day
with Ji Su.
Ji Su can also play it well, so just
let her go to the competition.
This girl, why are you trying to
upset me...
Let's just keep getting ready,
okay?
At that time, I really couldn't
understand why she said that.
But after Hye Mi messed up her
performance, I got a strange
idea.
If I did well, maybe I could go
to the competition.
That way, maybe I could also
have a chance.
You came?
What about Da Jeong and
Ga Yeong?
They aren't coming?
I don't know. Maybe they don't
want to.
Congratulations, Ji Su.
You can go to the competition.
I just heard about it.
You must be happy.
Why would I?
It's all thanks to you.
You want me to thank you,
is that it?
No. That's not what I meant.
Then why should I be happy?
Do think it's unfair that you lost
because you messed up?
Then complain and have it
investigated!
Just please stop being so nice
about it!
Ji Su, wait a minute.
Actually,
- in a few days, I'm going abroad.
- Abroad?
Yes. That's how it is.
Because of my father's job,
my whole family is going.
I'm sorry I didn't tell you before.
Ji Su, this.
What is this?
Didn't we make a promise?
No matter when or where we
meet, we'll play this together.
This is my new arrangement.
What we played wrong before,
I fixed so we can play together.
Even after I go there, I won't
ever give up.
I will miss all of you guys so much,
sincerely.
What is this supposed to be?
I was so angry, I started to cry
and just ran away.
That was all.
Later on, I also wondered what
happened to Hye Mi.
Why did you hide meeting with
Hye Mi from the police?
I was going to tell them,
but thinking that Hye Mi might
have died because of me, I got
scared.
Hye Mi, are you really here?
Then just like before, would you
come talk to me?
I have a lot I want to say to you.
Hye Mi.
Don't go, Hye Mi.
I came to help you.
I know how lonely you've been
and how sad.
Can you tell me?
Just what happened to you
that day?
To my very, very dearest friends,
Da Jeong, Ji Su, and Ga Yeong.
Hi everyone.
By the time you read this letter,
I'll probably be in a strange place
and missing all of you.
I'm sorry for not telling you
sooner.
I didn't have the heart to
tell all of you in person,
so I had to write a letter like this.
Da Jeong.
Hye Mi! Hye Mi!
Is that how it was?
You were looking for me.
What did you want to say?
Just...
You talked to the police about
Hye Mi.
What did they ask you about?
We didn't talk about anything
special.
It happened a long time ago,
so it's not easy.
Anyway, I hope it gets better.
Just tell me if there's anything
I can do.
Okay.
It turned out to be an accident.
The friends suspected each
other because they didn't know.
They still carry it around.
It doesn't seem like there was
a scuffle, either.
Just as the hospital records
show the cause of death,
there was indeed a serious head
injury.
You're feeling like that too, right?
It feels like my chest is too
tight to breathe.
Like when you poop and don't
wipe well enough?
But what's with you two?
You mean you don't believe
what I said?
Did you find something?
No. Is it just a detective's
intuition?
You used to spout statistics and
probability.
You've been infected. Infected.
But something seems strange
to me, too.
There must have been a reason
she showed me about writing
the letter.
She couldn't bear to tell her
friends, so she wrote a letter.
Is there some kind of hint in that?
Time machine letter!
The letter would have gotten to
the school later!
Yes. Like Teacher Yu said, I was
in charge of the mail back then.
Think about it carefully!
Red Sun!
[hypnotic suggestion catchphrase]
Thinking back, it seems like I
remember something.
Y-You saw that, right?
You saw me hypnotize her,
right?
Hye Mi?
Because the letter was from a
child who was dead,
I assumed someone was trying
to pull a prank.
That letter, where is it now?
When there was mail that wasn't
picked up for a long time, we
had a place we put them.
It's been a long time.
This is it.
Here.
That's it!
It had a flower on it!
It's from Yang Hye Mi. That's it.
Oh, there's another one.
This one is to the teacher.
Hye Mi was suffering from a
genetic disease, muscular dystrophy.
Simply put, it's a disease where
the muscles become stiff.
In severe cases, the hands and
feet become paralyzed.
Hye Mi's condition was becoming
worse.
When the competition came,
Hye Mi was already unable to play
the piano.
Don't be like this. The child
doesn't know yet.
Let's keep Hye Mi out of the
competition.
My doctor says if I want to get
treatment, I'll have to go abroad.
I made a scene, saying how I had
to stay with all of you.
But as you all know, my mom
and dad only want for me to live.
I will definitely hurry back after
I'm cured.
You'll all wait for me, right?
My friends,
I'm really, really sorry.
Before the competition, the
reason she performed poorly
was probably because of this.
She was never taking any
allergy medication.
It was just a vitamin supplement
for her muscles.
So, there was no one who
switched her medicine.
Ajussi, come to the music
classroom quickly!
Hurry!
This is the same song.
It's Hye Mi.
It has to be.
There must be a reason she
always plays the same song.
We have to find it.
If she's trying to say something
by playing, then...
Could it be?
Stop that right now!
What is she doing all of a sudden?
12-23-4.
-=Chopin Etude, Beethoven
Appassionata, Schubert Impromptu=-
12-23-4.
12, 12.
Found it.
Seonbaenim, come look at this.
Wow! As usual, Ha Yun eonni's
skills are really the best!
But I heard this disappeared on
the rooftop that day.
Why is it here?
Give it to me.
The date of the incident was
September 18, 2008.
-=Library lending record:
Lee Nan Hui, Sept 5-18, 2008.=-
What's this?
Then...
Could it be?
We can't prove a crime just from
this. We have to find a way.
Where did this come from?
Hye Mi wrote this, right?
It was stuffed inside a
library book.
I... I have some student exams,
so I'll be going.
Stay just a little longer.
That day, the first one to find her
and call the police,
that was you, wasn't it?
Why didn't you save her?
What are you talking about?
Teacher, you weren't the first
to see Hye Mi after she fell.
You saw Hye Mi hanging from
the railing on the rooftop,
isn't that right?
What are you saying?
Why didn't you save her?
Why... did you hit her in the
head... and make her fall?
We found blood and fingerprints
on the torn sheet music.
The National Forensic Lab is
processing it now.
The results will come out soon.
You saw the blood on it, so you
picked it up.
Then absentmindedly, you
stuffed it into this book.
Just what was your reason?
I have no idea... what you're
talking about.
Hye Mi wrote a letter to her
teacher.
Teacher,
you believed in me until the end.
I'm really sorry for playing so badly.
Just like you said, I won't give up.
I'll get proper treatment,
and after I become a great pianist,
I'll come back.
Teacher,
I sincerely respect and love you.
-=I sincerely respect and love you.
Yours truly, Hye Mi.=-
Back then, my husband had been
scammed by someone.
Things were really difficult
because of a loan shark.
Because of that, I was on edge
all the time that they would
come to the school to collect.
Accept this.
I can't.
Just take it.
Hello.
At first, I thought nothing would
happen.
But clearly someone made a
complaint.
As teachers started leaving
one by one,
I started to get more and
more angry.
Hello.
Who is it?
Stand up, whoever was laughing.
If you don't want lunch detention,
then settle...
With all the uneasiness I felt, I
thought Hye Mi was laughing at me.
I thought all of her friends also
knew and would try to use me.
After that, I became more
and more upset.
Every day I was so anxious,
until I just couldn't stand it.
I can't hold on.
Hye Mi!
Teacher, please help me.
I suddenly had the thought...
What if nobody saw, and she
just fell?
Even now, I don't know why it
happened.
I just turned around and left.
Save me!
But as I turned around to leave,
I suddenly felt uneasy.
If she managed to live,
what would I do?
I knew she would tell about me.
Then, somehow I...
Teacher! Teacher!
A small misunderstanding grew
into something huge.
Eventually, it became a tragedy.
We solved the case, but why is
it so depressing?
She's pitiful, just like me.
You did good work, Han Na Yeong.
What's going on?
You even said my name.
This case was solved because
of you.
Detective Jeong wanted me to
tell you.
That was hard for you.
That's why you should treat
me better! Got it?
Seriously. She just comes
and goes whenever.
Ultimately, you had the same
wish as Hye Mi.
We promised to play this when
we all got together again.
Hye Mi was protecting our
promise.
I'm sorry, Hye Mi.
I should have looked for
you sooner.
You should be leaving. You are
leaving to go abroad very soon.
I've decided not to go.
I want to stay here and start
all over.
Please help me, Yu Ga Yeong.
First let me see your ability.
Mr. Lawyer.
What is this all about?
Someone is trying to kidnap me.
The only lawyer I could think of
was you.
For now, get in the car.
What should I do?
If I tell the police, I'm sure
they won't believe me.
Wh-What are you doing,
Mr. Lawyer?
Why? Why? Who are you?
Let me go.
Let go! Who are you?
What's going on here?
Let me go!
What are you doing?
He's caused some trouble.
Fortunately, only this much.
From now on, we'll have to be
more careful.
-=Next Episode Preview=-
What are you doing?
This woman is Hwang Min Ju,
a 35-year-old journalist.
So, that definitely is Gim Mu
Hyeok, right?
I have something to confirm
and request your assistance.
Don't look for me again.
If you do, you will really die.
This face is a bit familiar.
Before Hwang Min Ju went up the
mountain, the last person she
called was Lee Jun Seok.
You should know, right?
You knew about everything!
First we should find this woman.
I killed Reporter Hwang Min Ju.
Stop him.
I said I did it! I killed her!
What's going on with you and
Gim Mu Hyeok?